MIT License

Copyright (c) 2024 GlobalExam AI Project

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

EDUCATIONAL USE DISCLAIMER:
This software is created for educational purposes to demonstrate programming
concepts including automation, artificial intelligence, computer vision, and
security implementation. It is intended to showcase technical skills and
understanding of complex software systems.

The software should be used responsibly and in accordance with applicable
laws, regulations, and institutional policies. The authors do not encourage
or endorse any misuse of this software for academic dishonesty or violation
of terms of service of any platform or service.

Users are responsible for ensuring their use of this software complies with
all applicable rules and regulations in their jurisdiction and institution.
